Tsubasa: Hello everyone! Virtual High School Baseball Player, Arihara Tsubasa here!
T: Homerun~!
T: Ehehe
T: Just kidding~
AI-chan: Ahh~
A: That’s not right
A: That greeting...
A: Just isn’t good enough to capture the hearts of the viewers!
T: Huh?
T: This voice is...
T: The one who took less than a year to reach 1,500,000 subscribers...
T: And the Virtual YouTuber that everyone is talking about
T: Miss Ki… Kizuna AI!!
T: So today  I'm here in A.I.Channel and I haven't been here for a long time!
T: I am from "Cinderella Nine"!
T: My name is Arihara Tsubasa!
T: Thanks as always, AI-chan!
A: Ah, no problem, no problem!
T: Huh?
A: That’s just the way we are, right Chan-tsuba?
T: Huh, "Chan-tsuba"...?
A: How are you going, Chan-tsuba?
T: Ah, we're currently preparing for the spring tournament!
A: Chan-tsuba~
A: You're still playing baseball
A: And exhausting yourself?
A: You have some good “stuff”...
A: Why don't you try it already?
A: Being a 'Tuber?
A: I'll be here to listen to your complaints!
T: What, ‘Tuber?
A: Yeah, 'Tuber, a 'Tuber!
A: It's currently trending
A: This industry is really coming on!
T: Well, I'm still a high schooler
T: And I'm busy with baseball, so...
A: Not a problem!
A: I mean, I portray myself as looking 16
A: But I'm actually 1 year old...
T: Eh?!
A: And recently, they do exist!
A: Senior high school girl YouTubers
A: They do!
A: Also, "Virtual High School Baseball ‘Tuber"...
A: Nice...
A: I like how you think...
A: That slot is still open!!
A: "Virtual High School Baseball 'Tuber"
T: No no no!
T: I'm not doing it, I'm not doing it!
T: Also, I'm not confident doing it alone...
A: You can do it, Chan-tsuba!
A: You could smash it!
T: Smash?
A: What's concerning you?
A: Are you worried about talking by yourself?
T: Yeah...
A: It'll be fine!!
T: Will it...?
T: But, if I have time I want to practice...
A: Chan-tsuba, you really like baseball, don't you?
A: You really do like practicing!
A: Then how about this:
A: As a Virtual High School Baseballer YouTuber
A: Practice baseball!
A: Like tutorials, tutorials!
A: Doesn’t that hit two birds in one stone?
A: How's that?
T: Eh?
T: Uh...
T: Will it actually be useful baseball... training...?
A: It will, it will, it will!
A: It absolutely will!
A: Alright, let's do it, let's do it!
A: Like, "Hey you. Just do it"!
A: Arihara Tsubasa, road to becoming a YouTuber!!
A: Action!!
T: Ehh?!
T: What did you just say?!
A.I.Channel
T: There's already lots of Virtual YouTubers, aren't there?
T: I think it'd be difficult to start now...
A: Correct
A: That's where being different comes in
A: You need to do something new!
T: I can't come up with anything other than baseball...
A: It's fine!
A: I said I've got your back!
A: For example, Tsubasa-chan
A: Face the camera
T: Mhm!
A: That's it!
A: Most people
T: Mhm!
A: Including myself
A: Use this kind of angle, right?
T: You see it used often!
A: That's it!
A: Mhm!
A: Then it'll be
A: Like this!
T: Oh!
A: For example...
A: Just by changing the camera angle a little
A: The atmosphere completely changes~!
T: This is the one AI-chan always uses~
A: That's right!
A: Isn't it cute~?
A: Right?
A: Today, just for Tsubasa-chan
A: I thought I'd use
A: A special angle, especially for you!!
T: Ahh!
A: Now, let's go!
T: Oooh!
A: Now, Tsubasa-chan!
T: Yes!
A: Do some baseball pose!
T: Okay!
A: Give it a try!
T: All right, let's go!
A: Yay!
T: Swing!
T: Woosh!
A: Nice!
T: Huh?
T: A-AI-chan?
A: What?
[※Arihara Tsubasa-san is preparing for her usual club activites so she's wearing spats]
T: AI-chan!
A: This low angle...
T: Huh?
[※Arihara Tsubasa-san is preparing for her usual club activites so she's wearing spats]
A: It's so nice, hmm...
T: H-huh? Huh?
[※Arihara Tsubasa-san is preparing for her usual club activites so she's wearing spats]
T: Are you talking about my thighs?
A: I was just saying how nice your thighs were
T: Please just look at my beautiful batting form!
A: I'm looking, I'm looking!
T: Here I go!
T: Please, wait a minute!
A: What, what?
T: I feel like you're only focusing on certain parts of me...
A: No, I'm looking at all of you! All of you!
T: Really?
A: Really, really, really!
A: You can check it afterwards
T: Alright, got it!
A: I got it
T: Wa… Ha
A:Yeah!
A: How was that?
A: It’s possible, right?
A: Virtual High School Baseball Youtuber
A: Arihara Tsubasa!
T: Hmm...
T: Who knows?
T: But it was fun!
A: Yeah!
A: Well
A: Tsubasa-chan
A: Baseball is important for you right now, so
T: You have the potential, so...
T: When you feel like it, I think you should try doing it!
T: Yeah!
T: If it advertises my baseball club, it might be good...
T: Whenever I have time!
A: Tsubasa-chan's friends are cute as well~
T: Eh?!
A: I think it'd be great if they appeared as well!
A: Like, how about Nozaki-chan!
A: Or Nozaki-chan! (2nd time)
T: AI-chan
T: You're thinking of something weird again, aren't you?
A: No, I'm not?
A: "Nozaki-chan..."
A: "Mufuuu..."
A: I'm not thinking of anything like that
T: You’re definitely making a face that means you are!
T: You're not allowed to!
A: By the way, are we not competing today?
T: Aah, I haven't advertised at all!
A: You can if you want?
T: I don’t have to win this time?!
T: Unless...
T: You’re up to something again?
A: So!
A: I’ve gotten tired from filming Tsubasa-chan now
A: So we won't be competing~
A: But, on the August's Cinderella Nine's Official Twitter
A: We're going to do a retweet campaign!
T: Whaaa?
A: On August's Cinderella Nine's Official Twitter
A: There will be a tweet for this campaign!
A: If this Tweet
A: Reaches 3160 retweets
A: There will be something very special for Cinderella Nine fans!
A: By the way...
A: It’s because the campaign is from March 16th (3/16)
A: That it’s 3160 retweets!
T: AI-chan, I haven't heard about this...
A: Yeah, because I just came up with it
A: This "very special something" will be...
A: Some treasurable, cute videos of Tsubasa-chan that I just took
A: will be uploaded onto the official
A: Cinderella Nine's Twitter!
T: What?!
A: Well, of course
A: In the case that we don’t reach the retweet goal
A: It will be put on hold
A: Now, that’s just a waste, isn’t it?
A: You want to see them, don’t you?
A: Everyone!
A: Please retweet it as much as you can!
T: AI-chan!!
A: The details are in the description!
A: Ah
A: Now that the video’s over
A: You can go ahead with the announcement
T: That’s the order we’re going in?!
A: I’m gonna give it to you, so get ready!
[ Arihara Tsubasa, promotion video ]
A: Ready…?!
A: Set, action!
T: It’s almost the Spring Baseball Tournament!
T: That’s right!
T: It’s the Koushien Stadium time of year!
T: And so as Hachinai
T: The spring of baseball!
T: With the concept of “The first siren announces the beginning of Spring”
T: In this March, you’ll be able to  experience baseball more than ever
T: And we are hyped to meet you all the coaches in the game!
T: In the latest update
T: On top of a new implementation of a completely renewed gameplay experience
T: There will be a new scoring system for batting and pitching will also be implemented!
T: Cinderella Nine is getting a power up
T: So that you can have fun experiencing all this
T: And enjoy the new data updates!
T: Right now in Cinderella Nine’s main event story
T: The Spring Tournament is going on
T: So it’ll light a passion in you, our coaches’, hearts!
T: There’s no doubt about it!
T: As for the game content
T: Get excited for the extended campaign on the 16th of March!
T: If you log on to the app
T: While the event is on
T: You’ll be able to receive
T: Tons~ of nine stars!
T: So please be sure to scout
T: For more team members!
T: Also to all every one of you potential future coaches
T: Who have taken interest in this app for the first time
T: Cinderella Nine is
T: A game that’s available on the smartphone
T: Following the youthful experiences of a baseball team!
T: To all you users
T: As the coach of an all-girl baseball club
T: Please aim for Koushien along with all of us!
(Koushien is Japan’s largest baseball stadium)
T: Make sure to check the description
T: To install Cinderella Nine
T: And come along with us to Koushien!
A: Alright!
A: That was great, Tsubasa-chan!
T: Ah, thank you so much!
A: How is it?
A: Do you like it?
T: Huh?
T: Wasn’t Chira there on the screen just now…?
A: Ahh
A: The truth is
A: As I was filming you, Tsubasa-chan
A: Something else was on my mind
A: One of my wild ideas
A: May have made its way into the video...
T: It was so vivid...
T: Let me-
T: Let me see her!
A: No way, no way!
A: No way!
T: I don’t understand what’s going on
T: But I feel like
T: My friend is in danger!
A: Ah!
A: You didn’t bring any of your friends along today either
A: You better... next time!
T: Don’t do anything weird to them!
T: ...Ah!
T: You’re making the “I’m planning something” face!!
A: Ah, sorry Tsubasa-chan!
A: The video is already getting quite long, so let’s wrap it up
T: Huh- no!
T: Answer me!
A: Yeah, yeah, yeah
A: You can ask once we finish up
A: So this has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI and...
T: Arihara Tsubasa from Cinderella Nine!
A&T: Bye-bye!!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud, myriadcandles, Inori, Josuke
Timed by Loserbait